Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#662)
loft-sh/vcluster-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Products

> - vCluster: the opeen source project that helps you to create virtual clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- vCluster: open source project that helps you to create virtual clusters
```
